What's wrong with your face?
Anton hit you
It was my fault.
I'm sorry for him.
He should scold me however he wants.
What did he say about you?
What's the matter? What did he say about you?
What's going on?
Brother Xiaoyu, don't be angry if I say it
It's okay, you say
He said you don't deserve him at all
Not as good as him anywhere
He doesn't make as much money.
And he said, what else did he say?
He also said that you are a waste supported by women
Hey, Brother Xiaoyu
Don't be angry.
An Tong did it on purpose
In my heart, you are better than him anywhere
Only you understand me
I've decided.
I want to divorce him
Xu Zeyu
Since you want to divorce me
Humph
Lin Yue, you want to fight with me, right?
I won't let you go.
Hello
Gao Yu
Don't you want money?
I'll teach you a way.